Feldmann draws a red nose on the Queen's face as it appears on a Â£5 note. More red noses deface 19th-century oil portraits.
It's a kind of default, indicating humour where there is none, playing out the cliche that a German joke is no laughing matter.
Other adjustments are slightly better. I stare at stiffly painted, formal portraits of a couple. It takes a while to realise
Feldmann has made them both cross-eyed.

He has also taken a copy of Gustav Courbet's salacious 1866 L'Origine du Monde (of a woman's spread legs and crotch) and given
her a tan line. This makes me stare glumly at my shoes. After Duchamp drew a moustache on a reproduction of the Mona Lisa, such
gestures are redundant. Nor is Feldmann's idea of glueing drawing pins to the insoles of a pair of golden high heels up there
with Meret Oppenheim's furry teacup.

Feldmann's work is better enjoyed in catalogues and the little books he has made; though to be fair, he is coy about calling
himself an artist at all. During the 1980s, he retreated from the art world and ran a shop in Dusseldorf selling thimbles.
This was more honest work, perhaps, than being an artist. He had to be coaxed back into showing his work in public: in 2010,
Feldmann won the $100,000 Hugo Boss prize in New York, and lined the walls of the Guggenheim Museum with his winnings.

There's a system here, mostly concerned with capturing quotidian things. He photographs a pound of strawberries, one by one,
and all the clothes owned by a particular woman. He has photographed car radios "while good music is playing" and created a
shadow theatre with lights made from plastic toys revolving on small turntables. There are big colour photos of different
types of bread, and arrangements of amateur (at least, I hope they are amateur) seascapes.

A little book is filled with photographs of gulls flapping across empty skies and perched on rooftops. It's called The Little
Seagull Book. There are before-and-after shots of empty baths and a series of photos of unmade beds. Feldmann will shoot a
whole roll of film as he watches a woman across the street cleaning her windows, or a barge coming down the Rhine. Such small
observations achieve a kind of everyday poetry.

I'd be in and out of here in minutes if not for the display of women's handbags, their contents tumbled out before them. I
guess Feldmann bought them from their owners. It feels transgressive to look at this stuff: postcards, makeup, tampons, receipts,
money, mobile phones and keys. One is a real mess: spilled tobacco, coins, fluff, scrunched-up paper, sachets of sugar and a
lipstick-blotched tissue. Feldmann has attempted to give it all some order. I wouldn't have him rummaging about in my bag, not
for any amount of money.

You begin to imagine these women, their style and ways of being. But this isn't much advance on Daniel Spoerri's Snare Pictures
from the 1960s, which consisted of tabletop detritus, glued down. The pleasure was in imagining the people, the Mary Celeste
moments of arrested life.

If only Feldmann was always so furtive and inquisitive, and dared to risk being really bad. Sadly, what he mostly risks is
mediocrity.